[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR]
In order to defeat one of the
Four Emperors of the New World,
the Straw Hats formed
an alliance with Law
and launched an attack on
Doflamingo in Dressrosa.
[NARRATOR] In response,
Doflamingo trapped the kingdom
inside a barrier and challenged
all present to a game.
[NARRATOR]
As the Straw Hats do battle with
the fierce fighters of
the Don Quixote Family,
Luffy and Law rush
to the royal palace
to take down Doflamingo himself.
[DOFLAMINGO]
Fine, Bellamy. I've had my fun.
You're free from me now.
Just like you've
always been, right?
[gasps]
[LUFFY] I'll give Mingo an extra
kick in the ass for you, okay?
Hold on! You remember
this technique?
It's been a while.
Okay. You ready?
Spring Hopper!
Let's go!
[gasps]
[SAI] Drill Dragon Nail!
Now say goodbye!
[LAO G screams]
[yells]
[LAO G]
Young Master, forgive me!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES scream]
[LAO G]
G!
You accursed gorilla!
Gorilla with a capital G!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES scream]
Call me the Don!
[LUFFY] "The Man's Pride!
Bellamy's Last Charge!"
Uh-oh. This is not good.
Lao G is out for the count!
[ZORO]
That's some real power.
[ZORO] I think I've heard of
these guys before.
The Happosui Army from Kano.
I'll be careful.
Anyone can become
an enemy at any time.
Hey, Gramps! C'mon, wake up!
Don't die! Not now!
I'll reserve two event venues
for us real soon. 'Kay, sweetie?
Venues? For what?
One for our wedding, of course.
And then the funeral.
--He's not dead!
--I'm not dead!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES scream]
[PICA laughs]
That laugh makes you
sound stupid as hell!
Stop, already!
[PICA]
What? I'm enjoying myself!
Stop trying to take
my fun away! Charlestone!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES scream]
Your aim sure sucks.
[ZORO grunts]
[ZORO]
Tch. He got away!
You're just a one-trick pony!
Gotta figure something out.
[ELIZABELLO] Need some
assistance, Pirate Hunter?
The punching guy.
The name is Elizabello.
King Riku's an old friend.
I hope to restore him to power.
I'm charged and ready.
I can unleash my
King Punch once per hour.
Have you figured out how that
stone giant's ability works?
Yeah. A long time ago.
Then tell me and
I'll finish him off.
Sorry, pal, but I want
to beat him, myself.
Hold onto that
trump card of yours.
We still don't know
what's to come.
Then I'll take your advice
and leave this to you.
You big, stupid rock.
Whatever you're plotting,
it won't work.
[PICA laughs]
[chuckles]
[DIAMANTE] Well, don't just
stand there! Stop me already!
Is all that fluttering
wearing you down?
If you can't take it, why don't
you try groveling, Toy Soldier!
[gasps]
[DIAMANTE laughs]
I thought so! That confirms it!
All those years ago.
That toy soldier crying
like a baby in the rain.
That was the mighty Kyros!
[DIAMANTE chuckles]
[gasps, sobs]
[KYROS]
Scarlet!
[DIAMANTE] You're Scarlet's
husband and Rebecca's father.
It's all connected!
[DIAMANTE] Perfect!
Why, I imagine you've got
quite a lot of bad blood
to settle with me, don't you?
That's correct! Why do you
think I came here?
Whoa, not bad!
It seems you found your footing!
But my cape's made
of steel! Watch out!
[gasps]
[DIAMANTE chuckles]
Vipera Glaive!
[gasps] Rebecca!
[KYROS grunts]
Ahh.
[REBECCA]
Father!
[chuckles]
Time to die!
Look out.
[REBECCA gasps]
[KYROS panting]
[chuckles] You gonna take your
revenge or not, toy soldier?
[REBECCA] He keeps distracting
Father by targeting me.
Let me fight!
I won't get in your way!
[panting]
Good call!
Wouldn't want to miss your
own funeral! Right, Rebecca?
[gasps]
[KYROS grunts]
I had such a lovely time
killing your wife.
I have to kill
your daughter, too!
[panting]
Let me help!
I'll fight alone!
I want to protect you!
This is my atonement! [pants]
For your mother,
and for forcing you
to fight alone all those years.
[KYROS] I'm so ashamed for
putting you through that--
for failing to protect you!
Now that my human
form has returned,
I want my daughter
to live in peace
and never swing a sword again!
[TOWNSGIRL A crying]
[TOWNSWOMAN A gasps]
You're all right now.
[SABO]
Here, drink this.
Thank you very much, sir!
[GLADIATOR A] Hey! Somebody!
We got an emergency over here!
My friends are stuck in the jail
cells down in the coliseum!
[SABO]
Take me there.
You're talking about the
prisoner gladiators, right?
[GLADIATOR A]
Uh, yeah. This way!
[SABO]
Luffy.
You got stronger since last
time, but I got stronger, too!
You wanna see destructive power?
I've taken this to the max!
You're finally free!
Now cut it out, before you die!
Pathetic! Stop showing
mercy to your enemy!
[BELLAMY]
I know I'm pitiful!
I know I looked up to
the wrong man!
I don't need to
hear it from you!
I don't care about
the past. Let Bellamy go!
Heh.
[DOFLAMINGO] Nah. That's for
the victor to decide.
This pitiful worm
crawled here just to die.
Isn't that right, Bellamy?
[BELLAMY]
But I made my choice!
I can't turn on him just because
I didn't get what I wanted!
If I don't see this
through to the end,
then I'll be worse
than a failure.
I'll be a complete disgrace!
I have to hold on to something!
Even a loser like me
has some dignity!
This will be my
final battle, Straw Hat!
See it through
to the end with me!
Stop it, Bellamy!
[BELLAMY] Shut up!
I've heard enough from you!
Let me settle this
on my own terms, damn it!
This fight is dumb!
We shouldn't have to do this!
[BELLAMY] You don't wanna
accept this fight, huh?
Thing is,
the time when pirates dreamt
about the future is over!
Things like the great One Piece?
The fools who dream of
these fictional treasures
don't notice the real treasures
that surround them!
They end up chasing these
ridiculous puppy dog dreams
and die in the process!
[cackles]
There's nothing but
a bunch of dead idiots!
So when I see people
chasing dreams of One Piece,
I get disgusted!
Luffy!
[CUSTOMERS cheering]
[CUSTOMER 146M] Get outta here,
you scrawny punk.
[CUSTOMER 146N]
Put him in a body bag!
[NAMI] Luffy! Zoro!
Forget that pacifist crap
I was talking about
and take this jerk out!
Zoro.
[ZORO]
Hm?
No matter what happens,
don't fight back.
[BELLAMY] Just like last time
I picked a fight with you.
But who cares?
You can just stand there
if you don't accept it!
But I'm fighting you either way!
[gasps]
I'll show you what I'm made of!
My conviction is nothing
to scoff at, damn it!
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
[TREBOL laughs]
[gasps]
[LAW groans]
[DOFLAMINGO]
This is pathetic, Law.
Your attempt at revenge
just isn't going to happen.
[TREBOL] Pathetic! You said it,
Doffy! He's pathetic!
You always were
stubborn, though.
Should I chop off your other arm
to drive home my point?
[groaning]
[DOFLAMINGO]
You don't want to die?
Then I'll kill you
nice and slow.
You'll be begging
by the time I'm done.
[LAW groans]
[DOFLAMINGO]
Trebol!
[TREBOL laughs]
I get to have fun, too!
I was willing to
give up an arm or two
if it meant I could win.
He's lost it!
That dummy! What a joke!
Pentachromatic Strings!
[LAW groans]
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
[LAW]
Room!
Counter Shock!
[TREBOL]
You okay, Doffy?
[groans, pants]
[panting] Still got some
fight in you, I see.
Little punk!
Have some Fallbright!
[LAW gasps]
Don't worry, you'll be with
Corazon soon enough, Law.
[LUFFY groans]
Stop it, Bellamy!
[panting]
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
[DOFLAMINGO] Were you counting
on Straw Hat to save you?
He's still not here!
Wonder what happened?
[yelling]
[pants]
[DOFLAMINGO]
Huh?
[TREBOL laughs]
Still haven't lost your cool?
You realize you're
about to die, right? Huh?
[panting]
[LUFFY]
I said cut it out!
[BELLAMY] When Doflamingo
told me I was free,
do you understand
what he meant?!
I failed him! I was fired!
It means the Family
has thrown me away!
But that's a good thing,
since Mingo was just
using you in the first place!
[BELLAMY] So I turn on him and
side with you all of a sudden?
I told you! Even I've
got principles!
I may be an idiot,
but I won't be a traitor!
And I won't be
a sore loser, either!
[yells]
Bellamy!
Sticky Launcher!
[groans]
[coughs]
[TREBOL laughs]
You just won't die, huh?
Hey, hey. Hey, Law, c'mon!
I think it's time to
call it quits, little buddy!
[panting]
Take it easy, Law. Rest.
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE B groans]
[CAVENDISH] Stand up, Gladius.
You don't want to die,
crawling on the ground
like a beast, do you?
I smell the sweet
aroma of victory.
Now fight! Don't make me wait!
[GLADIUS]
Hmph. This should shut you up.
Oh no.
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES gasp]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE E]
Gladius! Wait! You can't!
He's turned the
whole area into a bomb!
[GLADIUS]
You know what happens next?
You've been plotting this
for ages now, haven't you?
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES gasping]
Run for your lives!
Get away!
[CAVENDISH]
Hey, Bartolomeo!
Everything in the area
is about to blow!
Let me inside
your barrier, quick!
[BARTOLOMEO]
Not a chance.
Why not?
If I open it, that'll put
me and Miss Robin in danger.
Also, enemies might sneak in.
But I'm your ally!
You can't just leave me to die!
Gladius, sir! You're gonna
blow us up, too!
[GLADIUS] You'll be fine.
You're professionals, after all.
Lemme in! Lemme in!
[yelling]
[GLADIUS]
Pop Rock Fest!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES scream]
[GLADIUS]
Farewell, Cavendish.
[NARRATOR] The battle against
Gladius rages back and forth,
with no end in sight,
until Dellinger joins in
and threatens to turn the tide.
When things begin to look dire
for Robin and her allies,
the sleeping weapon,
Hakuba awakens,
and a duel of extreme speed
breaks out on the plateau.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"A Strong Wind and a Surge!
Hakuba vs. Dellinger!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!